#Week 6 Thinking Cap Assingnment

1. I was very intrigued by the author’s emphasis on thick maps’ unique inclinations towards achieving a level of “polyvocality” (Presner et al. 18). This means that unlike ordinary maps, thick maps are all-encompassing and inclusive of multiple (and sometimes contradicting) voices, perspectives, and contexts related to a particular subject. By doing so, thick maps achieve a very multidimensional and layered representation of the specific topic that go beyond simply mapping superficial data points. I find this mapping strategy to be something very smart and effective, as it reduces the possibility that underrepresented experiences are left out from the conversation.

2. As a sociology major, an overarching theme or narrative that has been emphasized to me is the idea that all observed social patterns and behaviors can be explained. Sociology sees that in every behavior or interaction, there are specific social structures, institutions, or social constructions at play. I would argue that this goal of sociology is reflective of the ideas behind thick mapping. Like thick mapping, sociology as a study seeks to understand a topic by exploring multiple different reasons, perspectives, and layers. Both have foundations in the idea of multidimensionality. Thinking about sociology with thick mapping in mind is exciting, as it opens my eyes up to the potential that thick mapping could have for a future sociology project where mapping is used as a research tool.

